README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://github.com/UplandJacob/Upland-HA-Addons/actions/workflows/builder.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/UplandJacob/Upland-HA-Addons/actions/workflows/builder.yaml)
[![Hadolint Status](https://github.com/UplandJacob/Upland-HA-Addons/actions/workflows/hadolint.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/UplandJacob/Upland-HA-Addons/actions/workflows/hadolint.yaml)

# Upland-HA-Addons

A repository for all my Home Assistant addons.

**extremely experimental** I have never created a HA addon.

## Install

[![Open your Home Assistant instance and show the add add-on repository dialog with a specific repository URL pre-filled.](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/supervisor_add_addon_repository.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_add_addon_repository/?repository_url=https://github.com/UplandJacob/Upland-HA-Addons)

or go to the **Add-on Store -> repositories** and add: https://github.com/UplandJacob/Upland-HA-Addons

## Fully (mostly) Functional Addons

### [Eaglercraft Relay](/eag-relay)

Run and Eaglerctaft relay server from Home Assistant, allowing players connected to the same relay to join each other's shared worlds.

[![Show dashboard of add-on.](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/supervisor_addon.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_addon/?addon=d78ad65c_eag-relay)

### [MC All-Platform Velocity Proxy](/mc-all-platform-velocity)

Allow players on Java Edition (1.7.2 - latest), Bedrock Edition, and Eaglercraft (unofficial web browser) clients to join your Minecraft server(s).

[![Show dashboard of add-on.](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/supervisor_addon.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_addon/?addon=d78ad65c_mc-all-platform-velocity)

### [Playit.gg](/playit-gg)

Playit.gg is a global proxy that allows anyone to host a server without port forwarding.

Thanks to [Benjamin589](https://github.com/benjamin5896/hassio-addons) for the PR in `williamcorsel/hassio-addons` for a playit.gg addon.

This addon uses the `alex33856/playitgg-docker` image.

[![Show dashboard of add-on.](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/supervisor_addon.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_addon/?addon=d78ad65c_playitgg)

Commit message:

Remove experimental warning and add proxy beta

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://github.com/UplandJacob/Upland-HA-Addons/actions/workflows/builder.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/UplandJacob/Upland-HA-Addons/actions/workflows/builder.yaml)
[![Hadolint Status](https://github.com/UplandJacob/Upland-HA-Addons/actions/workflows/hadolint.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/UplandJacob/Upland-HA-Addons/actions/workflows/hadolint.yaml)

# Upland-HA-Addons

A repository for all my Home Assistant addons. Since I host a Minecraft server, many of these are related to hosting one.

## Install

[![Open your Home Assistant instance and show the add add-on repository dialog with a specific repository URL pre-filled.](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/supervisor_add_addon_repository.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_add_addon_repository/?repository_url=https://github.com/UplandJacob/Upland-HA-Addons)

or go to the **Add-on Store -> repositories** and add: https://github.com/UplandJacob/Upland-HA-Addons

## Fully (mostly) Functional Addons

### [Eaglercraft Relay](/eag-relay)

Run and Eaglerctaft relay server from Home Assistant, allowing players connected to the same relay to join each other's shared worlds.

[![Show dashboard of add-on.](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/supervisor_addon.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_addon/?addon=d78ad65c_eag-relay)

### [MC All-Platform Velocity Proxy](/mc-all-platform-velocity)

Allow players on Java Edition (1.7.2 - latest), Bedrock Edition, and Eaglercraft (unofficial web browser) clients to join your Minecraft server(s).

[![Show dashboard of add-on.](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/supervisor_addon.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_addon/?addon=d78ad65c_mc-all-platform-velocity)

### [MC All-Platform Velocity Proxy Beta](/mc-all-platform-velocity-beta)

Allow players on Java Edition (1.7.2 - latest), Bedrock Edition, and Eaglercraft (unofficial web browser, including 1.5 if enabled) clients to join your Minecraft server(s).

This beta version includes many new features and improvements. The full list is available on the addon page.

[![Show dashboard of add-on.](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/supervisor_addon.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_addon/?addon=d78ad65c_mc-all-platform-velocity-beta)


### [Playit.gg](/playit-gg)

Playit.gg is a global proxy that allows anyone to host a server without port forwarding.

Thanks to [Benjamin589](https://github.com/benjamin5896/hassio-addons) for the PR in `williamcorsel/hassio-addons` for a playit.gg addon.

This addon uses the `alex33856/playitgg-docker` image.

[![Show dashboard of add-on.](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/supervisor_addon.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_addon/?addon=d78ad65c_playitgg)
