flask/README.md, before:

# Flask Server

![Addon Stage](https://img.shields.io/badge/Addon%20stage-in_progess-yellow.svg)
![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Uplandjacob/Upland-ha-addons)

![Supports aarch64 Architecture](https://img.shields.io/badge/aarch64-yes-green.svg?style=flat)
![Supports amd64 Architecture](https://img.shields.io/badge/amd64-yes-green.svg?style=flat)
![Supports armhf Architecture](https://img.shields.io/badge/armhf-no-red.svg?style=flat)
![Supports armv7 Architecture](https://img.shields.io/badge/armv7-np-red.svg)
![Supports i386 Architecture](https://img.shields.io/badge/i386-no-red.svg)

## About

Flask is a Python webserver primarily used for testing web applications with APIs, but is an great server for any sort of simple API you need.

## Install

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD036 -->
**Add repository**
<!-- markdownlint-enable MD036 -->

[![Add repo](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/supervisor_add_addon_repository.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_add_addon_repository/?repository_url=https://github.com/UplandJacob/Upland-HA-Addons)

or go to the **Add-on Store -> repositories** and add: <https://github.com/UplandJacob/Upland-HA-Addons>

**Then install:**

[![Show dashboard of add-on.](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/supervisor_addon.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_addon/?addon=d78ad65c_flask)

## Setup

1. Install the addon and start it to generate the environment.
2. Any Python libraries you need, you can add to 'requirements.txt' in 'addon_configs/d78ad65c_flask'
3. You may then edit the app using the VS Code Server addon or even SFTP+VSCode on another computer.

Commit message:

Add READMEs for Flask and VSCode Tunnel, add translations, and update main the README with new addons

flask/README.md, after:

# Flask Server

![Addon Stage](https://img.shields.io/badge/Addon%20stage-ready-green.svg)
![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Uplandjacob/Upland-ha-addons)

![Supports aarch64 Architecture](https://img.shields.io/badge/aarch64-yes-green.svg?style=flat)
![Supports amd64 Architecture](https://img.shields.io/badge/amd64-yes-green.svg?style=flat)
![Supports armhf Architecture](https://img.shields.io/badge/armhf-no-red.svg?style=flat)
![Supports armv7 Architecture](https://img.shields.io/badge/armv7-np-red.svg)
![Supports i386 Architecture](https://img.shields.io/badge/i386-no-red.svg)

## About

Flask is a Python webserver primarily used for testing web applications with APIs, but is an great server for any sort of simple site or API you need.

## Install

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD036 -->
**Add repository**
<!-- markdownlint-enable MD036 -->

[![Add repo](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/supervisor_add_addon_repository.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_add_addon_repository/?repository_url=https://github.com/UplandJacob/Upland-HA-Addons)

or go to the **Add-on Store -> repositories** and add: <https://github.com/UplandJacob/Upland-HA-Addons>

**Then install:**

[![Show dashboard of add-on.](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/supervisor_addon.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_addon/?addon=d78ad65c_flask)

## Setup

1. Install the addon and start it to generate the environment.
2. Any Python libraries you need, you can add to 'requirements.txt' in 'addon_configs/d78ad65c_flask' (to get the version, run `pip install --dry-run PACKAGE` [requires `--break-system-packages` flag inside addon] and look at the first version on the 'Would install...' line)
3. You may then edit the app using the VS Code Server addon, SFTP+VSCode on another computer, or by opening <https://vscode.dev/tunnel/TUNNEL_NAME/addon_configs/d78ad65c_flask/flask> with my [VSCode Tunnel addon](/vscode-tunnel/).
4. Anytime `main.py` is saved, Flask will detect it and automatically restart the server.
